>>> Hey, math class.
Okay, we are starting the
crusade of dividing decimals,
and there's a lot of
different kinds of problems,
so we're going to be looking
at them all kind of separately.
Kind of, the easiest problem is
any time you have a whole number
and you're dividing it
into a decimal number.
It's the one -- it's the one
that's most like dividing with
whole numbers.
All I have to do is bring the
decimal point straight up,
and then I can, like,
basically, ignore it,
like it's not really there,
underneath because I've brought
it straight up and then I'm
going to divide just like I
usually would.
So can -- I'm going to use
my piece of paper here.
Can 8 go into 9?
Yes, it can.
It can go 1 time.
I have 1 left over, slide
that over, drop the 7 down.
Can 8 go into 17?
Yes, it can.
Goes 2, and I have 1 left over.
Slide it over again, drop
it down, and I have 16,
which I know it
can go into twice.
So I end up with zero down here.
Okay?
So, this is what I'd started
out with, 9 and 76 hundredths,
divided by 8, right?
And I find out that the
answer is 1 and 22 hundredths,
and I come out
with no remainder.
Okay?
Let's look at another example.
Again, this is the closest --
the closest to whole number
division as we'll get.
You'll see in the next
videos we, kind of,
are going to add another step.
But, okay, so all I have
to do, 25 divided into .
3125, I'm going to bring my
decimal point straight up, and,
then, like, ignore it -- ignore
-- act like it's not there,
and treat this like I was
dividing whole numbers.
So 25 can't go into 3.
But it could go into 31, right?
It could go in there one
time, minus 25, which is 6.
Slide over.
Going to drop the 2 down.
25 can go into 62
twice, which is 50.
Then I subtract.
I have 12 left over.
I'm going to drop the 5 down.
25 can go into 125 -- oh, gosh
I think five times, right?
I know there's twenty -- like,
if I'm thinking quarters,
there's four
quarters in a dollar.
So one more would give me, yeah.
It goes 5 times.
125.
So, again, I come
out even down here.
And then you can see that we
have -- we've kind of run into
problem up here.
Because, like with multiplying,
if my decimal point ends up way
over here, I have to fill
in the spot with something.
So if it really was just 25 into
3,125, my answer would be 125.
But because it's really -- let
me put the decimal point back in
there -- because it's really .
3125, I have a spot right here
that I have to fill in with
something.
I can't just have a
decimal point, a blank,
and then have my number start.
So I have to fill in that
spot with a zero, okay?
So dividing a whole number into
a decimal number and we'll kind
of continue on in the decimal
progression after this.